Updating more nav for UI Refresh project (#2018)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/getting-started/getting-set-up/setting-up-snowflake.md

<Lightbox src="/img/snowflake_tutorial/dbt_cloud_account_info.png" title="dbt Cloud - Account Info" />
</p>

> 6. We have one slight tweak to make to dbt Cloud interface to account for the `analytics` database and `transforming` warehouse created earlier.  Click the gear icon in the top right and Select *Account Settings*.  Select the project titled, "Partner Connection Trial" and select `snowflake` in the overview table.  Select edit and update the fields `database` and `warehouse` to be `analytics` and `transforming` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. We have one slight tweak to make to the dbt Cloud interface to account for the `analytics` database and `transforming` warehouse created earlier. Click the gear icon in the upper right and select **Account Settings**. Choose the "Partner Connection Trial" project and select `snowflake` in the overview table. Select edit and update the fields `database` and `warehouse` to be `analytics` and `transforming`, respectively.
```
